[Music]
mr. Smith goes to Washington is a
significant picture it is significant
because it emphasizes democracy in
action
I consider it a real privilege and a
real experience to have played even a
minor part under the distinguished
direction of franca
by far the greatest picture of filmdom
stop director three-time winner of the
coveted Academy Award the most timely
the most vital the most significant
picture ever to come out of Hollywood
a homespun boy and a hard-boiled
worldly-wise girl in a picture carved
out of the everyday lives of everyday
Americans with those inimitable Capitol
overtones of drama laughter and romance
plus the finest supporting cast ever
assembled
[Music]
[Applause]